ah now I'm hooking it this game is so
frustrating are you tired of being on
the golf course and just out of nowhere
you start to kill the ball and totally
lose your rhythm it's not like you just
get up to the ball and say I'm going to
kill it
you say I'm going to going to get up
make a nice smooth swing but before you
know it you're slashing at it and the
balls going any direction and you're
going why did I just try to kill it what
happened and then you spend the next
three holes for holes trying to figure
it out
well GMs we have learned to become
consistent you have to understand about
your pace of your swing our definition
of pace is the amount of time it takes
for your club to leave the golf ball
till it comes back and hits it the
amount of time it takes for your club to
leave the golf ball until it comes back
and hits it and we have found by
watching the best players in the world
that the pace of the swing the same on
every club ten-foot putt 150 yards
7-iron 300 yard drive
the amount of time it takes for their
club to leave the ball to come back and
hits it is the same now I'm going to
demonstrate that but I'm going to use
two words to help you see it tick tock
I'm going to say tick as soon as my club
leaves the ball and I'm going to say
talk on the start of my downswing and
you will see that on these three shots
ten-foot putt 150 yards 7-iron 300 yard
drive my tick-tock is going to stay it's
consistent and the same as I possibly
can watch ten-foot putt 150 yards 7r and
300 yard drive Tik Tok Tik Tok Tik Tok
State is close to the same as I could do
now why is that important because we see
over 1100 golfers a year and I'd say
very close those 1100 look and sound
like this ten-foot putt 150 yard seven
are and 300 yard drive ten-foot putt
tick tock tick tock tick tock to become
a consistent golfer you have to keep the
pace of your swing the same the best way
is to say your tick-tock out loud to
read more about becoming a consistent
golfer come to our website wwlp.com
you